Release note for storage.session (#27150)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/115/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

- To support its deprecation from Manifest V3 extensions, manifest key property [`browser_style`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Browser_styles) defaults to `false` in [`options_ui`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/options_ui) and [`sidebar_action`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/sidebar_action) for Manifest V3 extensions ([Firefox bug 1830710](https://bugzil.la/1830710)). See [Manifest v3 migration](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Browser_styles#manifest_v3_migration) for information about transitioning from `browser_style` in Manifest V3 extensions.

> - Adds {{WebExtAPIRef("commands.onChanged")}} which enables web extensions to listen for changes to command shortcuts ([Firefox bug 1801531](https://bugzil.la/1801531)).
> - Adds support for {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.session")}} providing the ability to store data in memory for the duration of the browser session ([Firefox bug 18237131](https://bugzil.la/1823713)).

Reviewer: To make the verbiage consistent with some of the previous release notes (e.g., in [111](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/111#changes_for_add-on_developers)), how about the following:

```suggestion
- The {{WebExtAPIRef("commands.onChanged")}} event, which enables web extensions to listen for changes to command shortcuts, has been added ([Firefox bug 1801531](https://bugzil.la/1801531)).
- Support has been added for {{WebExtAPIRef("storage.session")}}, which provides the ability to store data in memory for the duration of the browser session ([Firefox bug 18237131](https://bugzil.la/1823713)).
```
